What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It creates an empty Git repository from a specified directory. You must
	create a Git repository in order to do anything in Git.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area contains all of the files that are to be committed.  It's 
	basically a loading dock where the user gets to determine what changes get
	shipped.  Since there’s a layer between when Git actually saves the data, the
	user gains a lot more flexibility and control in how they want to save their 
	work.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	The "git diff" command allows the user to analyse the changes that were made 
	in staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Experimenting with the code or developing new features are some situations when
	branches would be helpful in keeping the history organized.  Branches would
	help by allowing the user to accomplish these taks without introducing errors
	to the master code.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Branch structure can get quite confusing very quickly and diagrams help to 
	visualize at what point a branch began and at what point multiple branches
	merged.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The result of mergng two branches together is to make one object that contains 
	all of the changes of the two branches. It is represented in the diagram the way 
	we do because it's easier to track where the changes came from.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Pros: Automatic merging can save the user time by reducing the time required in 
	merging the two branches.
	Cons: The code could not merge properly as Git doesn't always know exactly what 
	the user wants merged when there are conflicts in the code.